Add support for API Gateway as an EventBrigde target (#19337)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/cloudwatch_event_target.html.markdown

* `batch_target` - (Optional) Parameters used when you are using the rule to invoke an Amazon Batch Job. Documented below. A maximum of 1 are allowed.
* `kinesis_target` - (Optional) Parameters used when you are using the rule to invoke an Amazon Kinesis Stream. Documented below. A maximum of 1 are allowed.
* `sqs_target` - (Optional) Parameters used when you are using the rule to invoke an Amazon SQS Queue. Documented below. A maximum of 1 are allowed.

> * `http_target` - (Optional) Parameters used when you are using the rule to invoke an API Gateway REST endpoint. Documented below. A maxium of 1 are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `http_target` - (Optional) Parameters used when you are using the rule to invoke an API Gateway REST endpoint. Documented below. A maximum of 1 is allowed.
```
